one of our most frequently asked
questions is how do I determine if a
movie is covered under the church video
license there are a number of websites
containing movie information that you
can reference in this example we'll use
the IMDB website so first of all go to
WWII MDB com in the search field at the
top enter part of the movie title and
press the magnifying glass the more
exact you are the better the results for
our example type in Star Trek a list of
titles with Star Trek in the name appear
number one is the 1966 Star Trek TV
series number two is the 2009 movie Star
Trek number three is the 1979 movie Star
Trek the motion picture we want number
two Star Trek from 2009 go over the
details to make sure this is the exact
movie you want short synopsis director
actors watch the trailer etc scroll down
to company credits
at the end of the line which says
production company click see more there
are two main lists the first list is the
production companies the studio's which
produce the movie and the second list is
the distributors the studio's with
distribution rights this is the list
where after search down this list for
the distributor which includes these
words at the end us a theatrical in this
case the studio is Paramount Pictures
Paramount Pictures has the USA
theatrical rights or the public
performance rights for this movie in the
USA next go to WWC bli calm on the top
right nav under producer's check the
appropriate list this producer will be
under total package scroll down the
alphabetical list to see if this
producer is listed it is this movie is
covered under your CV Li license thanks
for doing what's right and joining the
thousands of churches worldwide who are
covered under the church video license
live long and prosper
you